all right hey guys welcome back to
another James MacAvoy toy story toy
review today we're reviewing the toy
story Signature Collection mr.
Pricklepants now I bet you're wondering
hey is this really the Toy Story
Signature Collection mr. Pricklepants
and it is because you see thanks to this
certificate of authenticity here it says
this definitive mr. Pricklepants is a
certified replica lovingly produced by
thinkway toys using digital data from
the third film of the beloved Toy Story
series we hope you enjoy it as much as
we enjoyed creating the character John
Lasseter the filmmaker of Pixar
Animation Studios and Lee e agent Grahn
o crea oh hey a new gritch itch the
director of Toy Story 3 yeah and again
the stamps not real the autographs are
not real yeah and mr. Pricklepants was
from wave 3 of the toy story collection
which is now the Toy Story Signature
Collection there was also a buttercup
the unicorn and dolly toy and of course
her nurse nurse wave 2 was Jessie -
yodeling cowgirl her all bullseye the
horse lots o huggin bear and a utility
belt buzz and of course wave one was
woody Rex
hex RC the aliens and normal buzz mr.
Potato Head
and the bucket o soldiers now before I
cover Pricklepants himself let me just
move him out of the way let me show you
the box yep this is exactly how um how
Pixar envisioned that pickle pants would
have come packaged in if
if Bonnie were to buy him see it says
introducing mr. Pricklepants features
his theater stage play box I didn't take
the play box out of the mix out of the
box for myself Toy Story Signature
Collection the others just said toy
story collection includes certificate of
authenticity it just worn up I don't
know how four-year-olds are gonna play
with this and of course he's thinking
toy and of course these open see there's
the stage play box in there I didn't
take it out I just put it back in and
mr. Pricklepants hunts hence is Hamlet I
was moved to tears everyone mm-hmm
there's introducing mr. Pricklepants
reenact act his greatest performance
right is in his own theater stage this
the plump up and fuzzy mr. Pricklepants
is strictly for cuddling and is made
strictly for cuddling and certificate of
authenticity which I already showed you
a just worn up made in China thinkway
toys
Bravo Pricklepants we love you mr. P Wow
and let me show you the top now
appearing mr. prickle earring in a tour
de force one-man show mr. Pricklepants
and let me show you the bottom it's just
a bunch of mountains and a goat in the
background and that's the box now I will
show you
Brickel pants himself so this is the
closest one now to a movie character
he's a lot better than the Disney Store
Pricklepants and I'll show you why
you see he's very well made he's in nice
condition the eyes are plasticky he has
a button nose his mouth is hold on sorry
that was a little bad his mouth is very
well done and his
buckles for his overalls or plasticy sew
his buttons on his overalls yeah
and his hands he only has four fingers
yeah
here's his tag yeah and and his quills
these aren't really spiky they're just
furry yeah and he has three toes on each
foot yeah and and overall it's just nice
figure the ears were just made and then
sewn on there the eyebrows are
embroidered on the freckles are also
embroidered on and his hat is very well
sculpted they have a bell feather in it
yeah and the rim is felty yeah this can
this can get all mushy after a while if
you don't treat the figure as well but
but I am careful so I don't let anyone
handle him but me yeah cuz there's the
most people from the country have have
bugs yeah yeah you said it and let me
just move this
let me just camera back and show you
see how he's see how he's half of the
toy story collection woody sighs hey let
me just move this up a bit see he's half
up the size of the toy story collection
woody I also see how he's short compared
to the plushy Mickey Mouse that comes
the blanket see how he's just a little
pebble compared to that pillow pal Mario
also see how he's um short compared to
that battle shell Leonardo figure figure
and also see how he's tall compared to
that Yoshi figure so yeah that's my
quick little review of the Toy Story
Signature Collection mr. Pricklepants I
hope you like this video so and please
rate comment and subscribe so um and if
you like this video be sure to check out
my channel for more videos so thanks for
watching and I'll see y'all later
take care